# UCF Post List Shortcode #

Provides a shortcode for displaying lists of posts.


## Description ##

This plugin provides a shortcode for displaying lists of posts.  It is written to work out-of-the-box for non-programmers, but is also extensible and customizable for developers.

Support for Advanced Custom Fields relationship fields is also available; e.g. you can query against a list of posts by one or more related posts: `[ucf-post-list meta_key="your_relationship_field" meta_value="related-post-slug-1,related-post-slug-2"]`


## Installation ##

### Manual Installation ###
1. Upload the plugin files (unzipped) to the `/wp-content/plugins` directory, or install the plugin through the WordPress plugins screen directly.
2. Activate the plugin through the "Plugins" screen in WordPress
3. Configure plugin settings from the WordPress admin under "Settings > UCF Post List".

### WP CLI Installation ###
1. `$ wp plugin install --activate https://github.com/UCF/UCF-Post-List-Shortcode/archive/master.zip`.  See [WP-CLI Docs](http://wp-cli.org/commands/plugin/install/) for more command options.
2. Configure plugin settings from the WordPress admin under "Settings > UCF Post List".


## Usage ##

`[ucf-post-list]`
Generates a basic unordered list of posts, using default `get_posts()` arguments.

Generally speaking, the `[ucf-post-list]` shortcode accepts most arguments for `get_posts()` and `WP Query`.  Exceptions are noted below.


### Unique Arguments ###

`layout`
The name of the layout to use to display the list of posts.  Defaults to "default", an unstyled, unordered list of posts.

`list_title`
Heading text to display above the list of posts.  No heading is displayed by default.

`show_image`
Whether or not an image for the post should be displayed.  Only applicable on layouts that support images.

`posts_per_row`
The number of posts to display per row within the chosen layout.  Only applicable on layouts that support column-based post lists.


`tax_relation`
A relationship between each tax_query generated by the shortcode's arguments.  See the [WP_Query taxonomy parameters documentation](https://codex.wordpress.org/Class_Reference/WP_Query#Taxonomy_Parameters) for usage.

`tax_TAXSLUG`
One or more terms to filter by within the given taxonomy.  Any registered taxonomy can be used.  Serves as a substitute for the "terms" tax_query argument for the taxonomy TAXSLUG.

`tax_TAXSLUG__fields`
Specify the field type used in tax_TAXSLUG.  Serves as a substitute for the "fields" tax_query argument for the taxonomy TAXSLUG.

`tax_TAXSLUG__include_children`
True/False.  Whether or not to include children for hierarchical taxonomies.  Serves as a substitute for the "include_children" tax_query argument for the taxonomy TAXSLUG.

`tax_TAXSLUG__operator`
Operator to test.  Serves as a substitute for the "operator" tax_query argument for the taxonomy TAXSLUG.


`meta_serialized_relation`
Custom argument for ACF relationship fields which defines the relation between reverse lookup posts.  Serves as a substitute for the ["relation" meta_query argument](https://codex.wordpress.org/Class_Reference/WP_Query#Custom_Field_Parameters).


### Unsupported Arguments ###

Caching parameters, "fields", and "suppress_filters" arguments are not supported in this shortcode.

In addition, "date_query" and "meta_query" are not yet supported.


## Changelog ##

### 1.0.1 ###
* Bug Fix with posts_per_row attribute

### 1.0.0 ###
* Initial release


## Upgrade Notice ##

n/a


## Installation Requirements ##

None


## Development & Contributing ##

NOTE: this plugin's readme.md file is automatically generated.  Please only make modifications to the readme.txt file, and make sure the `gulp readme` command has been run before committing readme changes.
